hey guys this is Jojo three and six
seven six nine and he's doing a review
not really a review it's just the
difference between a DI fly and a 3ds so
let's try this
well you couldn't see that the 3d s came
with a cradle and okay I'm gonna start
with the front side cuz I just want to
go back and do stuff okay let's see now
these the 3ds has two cameras this
doesn't but the the GES light just has
with the true symbols and has the
Nintendo thing guys like on add just
says Nintendo and another oh under it
that's the old yeah okay I'm not trying
to rush you guys though because yeah
otay okay um what can I start I can
start anywhere between negative okay AB
one
you know the buttons and the dias light
or just like you know like yeah but in
the dingiest its soft and doesn't make
that much noise but this is a like yeah
and also this has an analog stick and it
doesn't this has a home button this
doesn't what are the odds
okay this has just elected Starbuck led
these two okay no you can see that this
has a camera front and it doesn't so
yeah I'm gonna close it I'm gonna go to
the back okay in the back of here it has
where you can charge you waiting put
your Dean which I should put my sauce
over and right now
okay and this is where you can put your
adapter I think adapter by many you can
see okay I'm doing back I need to be a
little clue okay let's start off right
here this is the charge button right not
the button you just where you've charged
it this is where you open to detail
later this is a pen place doesn't this
plate it just has a pen pleasure to put
right there
which I lost mine
and the this thing I assume I think this
is assuming as in for the cradle cuz
it's always hiding behind there yeah
okay so let's so let's start these two
you see this thing starts war starts
really fast
you did you just saw me you just see me
this thing takes so like you have to
press the menu' if you just click it but
on three years it just pops up for you
so with last reason where you were so
okay well this you don't need a game for
the 3ds and just you just need you don't
actually need the gamers has faced
Raiders or me or AR cards of it for you
but this drawing I endeared on the plane
setting that's all
hmm yeah even though this is the person
to know thing I think I bet measure this
is a Nintendo Game Boy okay well where
can I start again oh yeah I'm going to
tell you what this has and this doesn't
have let's see this has a safety thing
didn't have as camera and sound like you
can record yourself
oh the me flies out the me maker the AR
card space readers these Donald player
which is right there analog activity log
and the settings which of course
everything
besides the Gameboy yeah okay this is
also three-dimensional so I was like dub
slider because he so we're looking
okay this doesn't it's just plain
and she thinks they have to hold down
the power button for this the menu for
you and this evolve you have to go to
the volume that this this part this has
even booked Gameboy game for this is
just what you call it the headphones and
this also has the headphones you barely
see literally the volume and for this
the volumes on the side besides the SD
card because SD card actually full of
data you can take like three thousand
photos like other stuff like you can
just put your SD card in that whatever
you want to put it like you can just put
in Walgreens that place you know that
photo thing they have you put in the
laptop like I have put in the computer
monitor some of them that's really cool
I love SD card
that's why use so many on Facebook you
know so I feel bad
oh yeah also in the back sorry guys um
on the back it has this is not a genius
game and you can see this is BS game see
actually left a little space
yeah so I think I got lucky because this
didn't blast or anything all right yeah